Added dependency management changes (#958)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta3-release-note.md

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake Beta3](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-c2c/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+Beta3%22).

### Dependency Management 

> With SL Beta3 we have changed how the dependencies of a package are managed. The new implementation will ensure the following. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Swan Lake Beta3, the way how dependencies of a package are managed has been changed. The new implementation will ensure the following. 
```

>  - The new build will ensure that you will get updates of the dependent packages ( direct or transitive ) automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The new build will ensure that you will get updates of the dependent packages (direct or transitive) automatically
```

>  - Introducing --sticky flag in case you want to lock the dependency versions for subsequent builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Introducing the `--sticky` flag in case you want to lock the dependency versions for subsequent builds
```

> Following changes has been introduced 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following changes have been introduced.
```

> - Introduce Dependencies.toml version 2. Going forward this will be automatically managed by the build command and users should not modify it. If you already have a Dependencies.toml it will be automatically updated to the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduces the `Dependencies.toml` version 2. Going forward, this will be automatically managed by the `build` command and you should not modify it. If you already have a `Dependencies.toml` file, it will be automatically updated to the new version.
```

> - Introduces the `Dependencies.toml` version 2. Going forward, this will be automatically managed by the `build` command and you should not modify it. If you already have a `Dependencies.toml` file, it will be automatically updated to the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced the `Dependencies.toml` version 2. Going forward, this will be automatically managed by the `build` command and you should not modify it. If you already have a `Dependencies.toml` file, it will be automatically updated to the new version.
```

> - Packages in the local repository need to be configured in Ballerina.toml. The format is as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Packages in the local repository need to be configured in the `Ballerina.toml` file. The format is as follows.
```
